[Autogenerated] before we get into answering the question of what
exactly machine learning can do do and can't do.
Let's talk about why it should matter to you.
Unless you've been living under a rock lately.
I'm sure you know that AI and ML are the future.
With increases in computing power,
the cloud and the amount of data we have access to machine
learning's time has come and for you specifically,
there's tons of opportunities in this space.
In fact, according to indeed,
DOT com Machine Learning Engineer was ranked the number one job in 2019
and job posting Screw 344% between 2015 and 2018.
This is a really,
really good place to be right now for AWS in
particular their leader in the space.
According to Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Cloud Ai Developer services,
published in February 2020 this upper right quadrant
shows that they have the completeness of vision and the
ability to execute in this area, and that's all great news.
But you might be saying, What exactly is machine learning on AWS?
How do I get started and how do I get certified? I'm glad you asked